hi everybody so I am home from uni and
I'm ready to kick off the revision so it
is the Monday after hour I thought I've
got back Saturday it's now Monday
afternoon and it's time to start the
revision because you see I've got exams
coming up oh my god really soon I've got
four weeks of time next time a week
revision and it's straight into exams so
I basically need to have revised
everything from last term and first term
over this Easter holiday and there is a
lot to learn so getting started now not
going to stress and yeah the first thing
I'm going to do is the most lovely I
need to get done and kind of plan out my
time into chunks I don't want to start
randomly because I know I was not it
won't end up timing properly so I've got
my diary with me as well I figured out
I've got four weeks at home this holiday
it's a five week holiday but I'm willing
us sciences field trip for one of those
weeks so I've got a fact that ends we've
got four weeks that's a week for each
module and then we can divide each week
up further into different parts of the
module and ah we're going to get going
because it's too much it's too much
I used a sheet detailing all the past
lectures I'd had and also the online
Moodle site which had different parts of
different topics on Matt's like make a
list of every single topic in each
module that I do and that will make sure
that I don't miss anything when I'm
revising over the holiday there is a lot
of content in the course and there'll be
nothing worse than missing something out
and not realizing until exam day
once I've made my full list of topics I
whacked out my diary and started
counting days I had to revise and then I
divided those up evenly between my
modules not only will this make my
revision more efficient it also just
relaxes me a bit knowing my four-step
plan and here's the finished product I'm
doing earth sciences for the first week
of the holiday so I divided that up in
more detail I will divide the other
modules up into individual days as well
so not gonna lie to you I've just like
made notes of what I've got to revise a
holiday and to my diary to figure out
exactly what days I've got free to arise
and I'm feeling so panicked you have no
idea because basically I thought I had
longer than I did I've only cuz this
week this holiday is only five weeks
long and I want a slice field trip for
just over a week of that and then
factoring out days that I need to take
off work for various plans have already
been organised and whatnot
that are literally like I've got to go
to I've only got 21 days I can revise in
and that's not that much considering the
massive list of stuff or everything from
last time and the time before that I've
got to revise I'm just panicking so so
much I know I just need to get
interesting to get going but oh my god
I'm so I'm so happy I'm starting now and
I haven't left it because this is
stressful stressful let's get down to
learning the geological coulomb u s--
know exactly when everything happened in
the universe you know that's good going
when faced with a mountain of revision
sometimes the only thing you can do is
just jump in so I got out my next two
notes and started working through them
you can see me highlighting key points
here and annotating a bit further I
often go on my laptop as well to look up
things I'm not too sure about and then I
will make the odd flash car
or things I think are really key to
remember in the lecture notes
[Music]
greetings so it is the evening on
Tuesday here it's Tuesday today and yeah
I've been revising all day again today
it's been really fun we're still on the
Earth Sciences because I guess it is at
the Sciences week - a flash car today
I'll show you these fine specimens
they're not detailed flash cards like I
used to do for GCC an heirloom I've
changed my track a little bit just
because there's so much stuff there's so
much content in these lectures I can't
possibly flashcard it all like I used to
do so now I've just got kind of key
facts and quick things to go through and
I'm just gonna crash thing in my head
don't even know how I'm gonna manage it
help but no I think this evening or in a
minute what I'm going to do is try and
write some practice but sciences essays
because that's what I'll have to do in
the real exam so I need to be practicing
those I say is under time conditions
don't we let's get to it and good
morning
what good afternoon actually so today is
Wednesday and I'm taking the afternoon
off revision Frank going to the cinema
with my friends because it's good to
take breaks I was gonna work through the
morning but I had an accident where I
slept through my alarm and I didn't
actually get up until 11:30
well that wasn't only work up there I
it's a skill I'm telling you I didn't
even go to bed late and I don't even
know what happened and I'm quite
disappointed in myself but I cinema
we're gonna see my friends come back and
do work after should be good
Punjab Punjab I am back to work after a
fun afternoon and evening out I can
never stray too far from that work her
nice break but it's time to get back to
again the origin and diversification of
land plants very very interesting stuff
I'm still just making their way through
the lectionary it's making flashcards as
I go along
key things I want to remember and then
writing essays on the stuff that I've
just read over it's fun stuff it's fun
stuff I'm not really working at the pace
that I need to be which is annoying but
then I couldn't you just put on myself
so I'll plow our way through it I can't
really do much about that so I'm gonna
carry on
I'm just get through as much as I
possibly can it's hard work tomorrow I'm
gonna set my alarm nice and early and I
have a nice full day of revision
tomorrow it should be good because I
well I want to have all my earth revised
by the end of Friday which is looking a
little optimistic now but we'll see I'm
telling myself that Earth Sciences
actually I will get more revision time
when I'm on the field trip because I'll
be doing earth then mmm
anyone else have this with a plan they
set the time pass themself but they just
can't stick to it there's just so much
stuff to fit into that time cuz I do
help and I began writing my essay under
time conditions it's actually a bit more
like writing in mini textbooks at Earth
Sciences you use subheading and draw
diagrams as well
I can't say I've just done one essay
because that that one okay actually and
every it's a bit like they get are gonna
get half an hour to brighter like when I
say essay I'm a scientist okay it's not
a written essay it's only a half hour on
one but that's okay yeah I think so it's
actually half ten now so I think what
I'll do is I will go to bed set my alarm
early I've told my mom that she needs to
wake me up and she leaves to work
tomorrow morning because I don't trust
my alarm anymore
I don't trust myself not to sleep
through my alarm anyway because I really
need to have a nice productive day
tomorrow to really get a move on with
this earth sciences stuff so that it's
all revised by Friday
I might even I'm at this rate because on
Saturday I'm going up to London
to watch the Oxford Cambridge Boat Race
and meet some of my friends up there and
yeah we're really nice I'm going to take
work with me this way if I don't stick
to schedule it's a struggle but we'll
get through it
yeah I'm gonna go to bed now good night
hey hey hey it is Friday morning who's
ready for another full day of revision
cuz I am yeah
it's the last day or it should be our
last day of Earth Sciences revision if I
stick to my schedule which I really
should I feel like I could just take I
spend the whole little the day revising
earth and I still feel like I wouldn't
have revised enough but what can you do
I'm gonna carry on Plath for the final
few topics let's go I spent Friday
evening going over the flashcards I've
made the earth sciences that
I talk to myself quite a lot while doing
flashcards as you can see and that's
because I find when I say out loud I'm
actually making a point whereas if I
think in my head and I look at the
answer I'm like well I thought that but
I'm not sure whether I would actually
put that down and exam higher so today
is Saturday and I am going up to London
to go and watch the Oxford Cambridge
Boat Race which is really exciting
I'm meeting my friends up there at the
minute my mum is driving up to see my
grandma and auntie's so I am getting in
the car with her and it's going to drop
me at station that's closer to London so
I can get to London and then I'm gonna
get a train from there it's London a bit
of tube staff
wish me luck navigating the tube because
a little bit worried about that don't
have much experience in it but it's
gonna be fine and of course I have my
work with me in my bag because on the
train I can study is the perfect
opportunity to get those flashcards out
we've got to make the most of these
opportunities so
yeah excited for today it's gonna be
good so I've made it to the train
station that's planning to get to the
train is on time so I was going on
part 1 at the journal it's complete
thank you to my mother the first lift
ticket great fun times so I had a short
way to the station to a my train arrived
eventually I got onto the train had a
nice four seater to myself very pleasant
and I whipped out the flashcards as soon
as possible I look out the window quite
a lot during the journey because I do
get travel sick some time so I have to
look out the window so yeah that's why I
spent most of the time looking out the
window but I am thinking I'm looking out
the window and looking down at the
flashcards when I need to I always used
to get the train to six warm so it
reminded me of the days when I'd have my
flashcards and I do them on the way to
and from six ball
I do feel a bit awkward on the train so
I don't actually speak out loud and I'm
doing with flashcards but I probably
should just get over that to be honest
so I have made it to London proud myself
permission now is to go and get some
food
like it's and marks who's a big fan of
the mark sandwiches let's go see if we
can get some
boots as well get mildewing in there
I'm thinking M&S though we've got some
buck Spears so I'm going to get some
plastic cups for that
so we've reached the tricky part today
where I have to figure out write this
straight line this way
thank you
and I've never been so proud of myself I
am
let's go meet everyone else I was
successful in finding my friends and we
closed the blue sign to the boat race
garden work that was a big part so that
Lots people who are watching from
featuring the River Thames London is a
very exciting place to be
luckily the weather wasn't too bad it
didn't rain although it was a little bit
overcast the group of us all had a
picnic and then some Morris Dancers went
past some lovely entertainment the
gardens were filled with students and I
was a big screen which we could watch
the races on which was really fun and
it's really busy like there's so many
people
as you might imagine it was quite a
competitive atmosphere and it was
extremely exciting when Cambridge just
kept on winning like what can you do
about it it's just Cambridge are the
best
well lots of Cambridge students consider
rowing talkable I have to say I think
the boat race just brings everyone
together
[Applause]
my task with my dad's own unlimited
pimps and Jenkins mercy to all of us are
questioned ensuring it so me how and
here we have a special Astrid and add
feature where they show off their
amazing coolness I have to say I think
the fame has gone to my friends heads a
bit and they seem to think they can do
the YouTube thing better than me now
roll next clip youtubers in the making I
taught them all they know what can I say
you could block be subscribing to famous
Jo salon magnificent
look at that look at that big subscribe
to see more this one does white white
white your YouTube channel now becoming
feet Josh's bears I'm not sure I'm okay
with this heading back to Anna's house
naturally we had a bit of a jam on the
cheap home such cool kids
[Music]
it turns out that Sciences students are
clearly very musically inclined and yeah
will be coming soon to an arena near you
watch out I think we were probably
getting a few weird looks from other
people in the tube let's face it they
should have just joined it
[Music]
hashtag get at a girlfriend look how
strong Eddie's this stops off from the
casual dog walk to do some weights
whoa
and yeah I've made it to Victoria
achieved it back down need to go buy a
ticket for the way back now because it
was being all put online when I was
behind my tickets to get up because I've
had to get to buy things separately and
hopefully this way will work out cheaper
who knows I'm gonna go I think okay so
check it has been obtained but now my
trade is for another half an hour I knew
this is going to happen
I'll wait around I might gonna get some
lunch I just I mean actually it's quite
late though it's historic look all I've
had is I had quite a little I in and
then I had to paste an egg which was
very good things I've got like a Chris
my back dough from its day but I might
but then I thought very soon her coming
when I get back maybe I need someone
source not gonna go hunt something down
you need good food and lucky study
supreme
the thing is I eat a lot when I'm stuck
in just make yourself Michelle feel
better will be stressing especially
cream eggs right now on the train
journey home I did a few more flashcards
I would have honestly just gone to sleep
but I get too paranoid but I'm gonna
miss my stop and just round up the week
I have made it home from London and I
have just heard a chilled evening
actually this evening and I'm about to
go to bed selling one morning to start
another week provision though but ya
know I had a lovely weekend I it was so
much fun seeing everyone again yeah it's
been a good week actually it's been a
good week like I know I complain about
the revision a lot but like just ignore
me because I do actually enjoy my
subject and I do enjoy learning and it's
not as bad as I as I probably make it
out to be
see ya good luck to everyone else who is
revising at the moment and yeah have a
good Easter as well guys fun times and
so I'd love it if you could like and
subscribe if you enjoyed the video and I
will see you soon with another video
have a great week everyone bye
[Music]
you